Clarify GiB unit for storage (#1125)
neondatabase/website: content/release-notes/2022-12-28-console.md

### Fixes & improvements

> - API: Added a `branch_logical_size_limit` attribute to the Neon API [Project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getproject) response body, which shows the logical data size limit for project branches. This attribute replaces the `logical_size_limit` attribute, which was shown in the [Branch](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getprojectbranch) response body. The [Neon Free Tier](/docs/introduction/free-tier/) limits the logical data size of a branch to 3072MB (3GiB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API: Added a `branch_logical_size_limit` attribute to the Neon API [Project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getproject) response body, which shows the logical data size limit for project branches. This attribute replaces the `logical_size_limit` attribute, which was shown in the [Branch](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getprojectbranch) response body. The [Neon Free Tier](/docs/introduction/free-tier/) limits the logical data size of a branch to 3072 MB (3 GiB).
```

> - API: Added a `branch_logical_size_limit` attribute to the Neon API [Project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getproject) response body, which shows the logical data size limit for project branches. This attribute replaces the `logical_size_limit` attribute, which was shown in the [Branch](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getprojectbranch) response body. The [Neon Free Tier](/docs/introduction/free-tier/) limits the logical data size of a branch to 3072MB (3GiB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API: Added a `branch_logical_size_limit` attribute to the Neon API [Project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getproject) response body, which shows the logical data size limit for project branches. This attribute replaces the `logical_size_limit` attribute, which was shown in the [Branch](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getprojectbranch) response body. The [Neon Free Tier](/docs/introduction/free-tier/) limits the logical data size of a branch to 3072MiB (3 GiB).
```

> - API: Added a `branch_logical_size_limit` attribute to the Neon API [Project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getproject) response body, which shows the logical data size limit for project branches. This attribute replaces the `logical_size_limit` attribute, which was shown in the [Branch](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getprojectbranch) response body. The [Neon Free Tier](/docs/introduction/free-tier/) limits the logical data size of a branch to 3072MB (3GiB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- API: Added a `branch_logical_size_limit` attribute to the Neon API [Project](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getproject) response body, which shows the logical data size limit for project branches. This attribute replaces the `logical_size_limit` attribute, which was shown in the [Branch](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/getprojectbranch) response body. The [Neon Free Tier](/docs/introduction/free-tier/) limits the logical data size of a branch to 3072 MiB (3 GiB).
```

Reviewer 2: fixed
